[Back to: Boardroom Phase](./BoardroomPhase.md)

# Business Opportunity Cards
If a player managed to Destroy an enemy Unit, Capture or Destroy enemy supplies, Secure, Capture, or otherwise complete an Objective, at the conclusion of their turn, that player gets to draw a card from the Business Opportunity Deck and place it into their hand.  

Business Opportunity Cards represent sources of Funds that players can play to generate capital with which they can buy Units and Supplies.  However the funds generated by playing Business Opportunity Cards have Contingincies which the player is liable as long as the card is in play.  
Each Business Opportunity Card has:
- A Value, enumerated in Credits, Supplies, and/or Units, which is provided to the player upon playing the Card.
- An Early Payoff Cost, enumerated in Credits, which can be paid at any time to remove the Business Opportunity Card from play so that the card's Contingencies don't come due at the end of the battle.
- A Type and description of all the Contingincies incurred by playing the card 

> The Basic types of Business Opportunity are:
> - Lines of Credit: An upfront influx of cash which must be paid back with interest at the end of the current Battle.
> - Sponsorships: Free Units that must be returned at the end of the current battle, and for which losses must be paid for.
> - Investors: An upfront influx of cash which doesn't need to be paid back, but for which the player must pay a dividend at the end of each battle.

The Player may hold 5 Business Opportunity Cards in their hand.  If they draw one with a full hand, they must either play one, or discard one from their hand by shuffling it back into the Business Opportunity Deck.  

Each Player may, during their Boardroom Phase, place a Business Opportunity Card from their Hand, face-up into their Reserve Area.  Upon doing so, that player adds the Card's value of Funds to their own coffers.    

Each Business Opportunity card has a Payoff Cost, which if paid, allows the player to remove the card from their reserve area and shuffle it back into the business opportunity deck.  The player no longer has to pay the liabilities of cards Paid Off this way.
